Well, praise God.
I want to focus my message this morning on renewing your relationship with a fresh anointing, with a fresh anointing.
A title of my message is a fresh anointing, amen?
And what I mean by this is that we can, even in our walk with God, sometimes, or even in our relationships with people, sometimes we're not as excited as we used to be.
Amen.
And sometimes we get sort of kind of bogged down by the things of life and we allow life to get us down.
And sometimes we're in a place in our life where we're in survival mode.
Has anybody ever been in survival mode in the church?
Amen.
Some of you might be in it today.
But I want to say this, that God doesn't want you just in survival mode.
And I've been there.
I've been where I've been just dealing with problems and just trying to survive.
You know, just taking it one day at a time.
Anybody know what I'm talking about?
But God doesn't want us surviving.
He wants us reviving.
I'm going to say that again.
God doesn't want us in a survival mode.
He wants us in a revival mode.
And I really believe that, so I really believe that we can really, there's things that we can do that can cause a fresh, somebody say fresh, anointing to be on our lives.
And there are things we can do.
Let's look at Psalms 92 verse 10.
And this is an amazing Psalm.
And the Psalm is getting a revelation of the grace and the mercy of God on his life.
And he says, but my horn, you have exalted like a wild ox.
And I have been anointed with fresh oil.
I love that.
The Amplified says it this way, but my horn, my emblem of strength and power, you have exalted like that of a wild ox.
I'm anointed with fresh oil for your service.
I love that.
So I really believe this, as Christians, we should be falling in love with the Lord more and more every day.
How many people are more in love with Jesus than you were yesterday, amen?
We should be falling more and more in love with God, amen?
So God desires us here, He's saying here in this Psalm, He desires us to walk in strength and power, glory to God, and also for us to have a fresh anointing.
Our attitude towards the things of God is paramount in us walking in a fresh anointing.
Now look at your neighbor and ask them, how's your attitude?
Amen?
Because your attitude has to be up.
Glory to God.
I'm telling you, the Bible says that our posture should always be looking up and not looking down.
Have you ever noticed when you're down and depressed, you're looking down at the ground, right?
You're looking at your feet, right?
But when you're up, you're looking up, amen?
The Bible says when you see all these negative things happening on this earth and you watch the news, it doesn't say look around.
It says look up for your redemption draws near.
Or your redemption draws nigh.
So in other words, Jesus is coming back.
He's coming back to fix it in 26, amen?
And so he's gonna fix whatever issues that you might be dealing with, and I believe that he's in the process of doing that right now.
The psalmist starts out in this Psalm of 92, and he gives us an attitude of expectancy
of good to come.
I like what he says here in Psalms 92, 1 and 2.
He says, It is good to give thanks to the Lord and to sing praises to your name, almost high, to declare your loving kindness in the morning and your faithfulness every night.
When you wake up, are you declaring God's loving kindness in the morning?
When you go to bed, are you thanking Him for His faithfulness
at night.
This is a attitude that I believe that will cause the grace and the afresh anointing of God to be on our lives.
Let's look at another verse here that the psalmist pens.
He says it this way, For you, Lord, have made me glad through your work.
I'll be trying off it in the works of your hands.
I love that.
In other words, there's no losers in God.
We are all triumphant in God.
If you're walking after Jesus, it doesn't matter what's coming against you because God is for you and always causes you to triumph in Christ Jesus no matter what.
You got to believe that.
And he says here that I will triumph in the works of your hands, O Lord, how great are your works.
Your thoughts are very deep.
The Psalmist is a revelation of God's works of His hands and how great they are and His thoughts towards us.
I love this because we need to think about when we see the sun rise in the morning or a sunset, we need to be thinking about God's goodness.
When we think about it, when we see His nature, all of His nature is God's goodness.
Are you here what I'm saying to you today?
In Psalms 19, 1 and 2, it says, just creation itself you should be thankful for, even if it's raining.
Amen.
You should be thankful that God is on the throne and He's created everything.
for his pleasure, but also for our pleasure as well.
And so I love that.
And so we need to think about this.
If we're going to add a fresh anointing on our lives, we need to think about the creation that God created for us, amen.
And we also have to think about the thoughts that he thinks about us.
Do you know that God thinks good thoughts about you?
Are you aware of that?
And God's not thinking negative.
of His creation.
He's thinking good about you even though sometimes when you look in the mirror, have you ever looked in the mirror and looked at the flaws?
No, I'm kidding.
You don't have any flaws, amen?
But you look in the mirror and you see things that aren't right or you examine your life and you can see where you fall short of the glory of God.
Have you ever been there?
But I'm going to say this.
Don't focus on your shortcomings.
Focus on God's goodness and His mercies.
Focus on the fact that God is thinking good about you and you need to think good about yourself if you're going to have a fresh anointing on your lives.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
And in Psalms 139, this is a powerful Psalm.
It says, how precious also are your thoughts to me, oh God, how great is the sum of them,
If I should count them, they would be more in the number than the sand.
When I awake, I am still with you."
That's powerful.
That tells me that God's thinking about you more than the numbers of sand that's on the beach.
Think about that.
He's thinking good thoughts about you.
He loves you and he has a desire for you to walk in his blessings every day of your lives.
You've got to believe that.
And when you start thinking that God is thinking good about you, then you will have a fresher anointing on your life.
And so let's look at this and let's look at what the anointing can do in Psalms 92, 12 and 15.
This is powerful.
It says here, the righteous shall flourish like a palm tree.
Amen.
And he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
Those who are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God.
They shall still bear fruit in old age.
They shall be fresh and flourishing to declare that the Lord is upright.
He is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in Him.
This is powerful because if you're going to have a fresh anointing, he talks about those that are planted in the house of the Lord.
How many people are planted in the house of the Lord, God?
In other words, you're planted and you're going nowhere.
Amen?
You're staying put.
You're staying rooted and grounded in Exceed Life Church.
Amen?
And I love that.
But he talks about here,
that there are some keys to a fresh anointing.
He says a fresh anointing can cause us to flourish like a palm tree.
I love that.
So I don't know about you, but I want to be flourishing.
How many people want to be flourishing out here?
A fresh anointing will cause you to flourish like a palm tree.
You know what's amazing about a palm tree is that a palm tree can withstand the greatest winds.
You know, because palm trees can hold up under these great winds and they bend, but they come back up.
And I'm gonna say this, that you might bend to the pressures of life, but you're gonna come back up, hallelujah.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
Amen.
And so a fresh anointing can cause us to flourish like a palm tree.
A fresh anointing can cause us to grow in our walk with God.
I don't know about you, but I need to be growing every day.
I need to be moving forward, getting closer to God and growing.
And so a fresh anointing will cause you to grow, amen.
I love that.
And God wants us growing in righteousness in Him.
And I believe that we are, amen.
A fresh anointing can cause us to bear good fruit in old age.
Oh, can I get a witness in a house today?
Now some of us are a little older than others.
Amen.
And I'm getting up there since I just turned the big 6-0.
Hallelujah.
But I like the idea that I'm going to bear good fruit in old age.
In other words, you don't retire, you refire.
I'm going to say that again.
In other words, God's calling is always on you and His gifts and callings are without repentance, which means He's not going to take away the calling that He placed on your life.
So we got to keep walking it out.
Look at your neighbor and say, keep walking it out.
Amen.
We got to keep being faithful in the calling that God placed us in.
So there are basic righteous good works that God wants us walking in.
Some people say, well, it's just faith alone.
No.
James says, it's not just faith alone.
He says, if you have faith, then you have also righteous works working with your faith.
James says, if you don't have righteous works working with your faith, your faith is dead.
So faith alone without any righteous works is dead faith.
Boy, I got one amen over here.
My most faithful man in the church.
Hallelujah.
So you gotta have, somebody say have faithful works.
Amen?
Amen.
Now let me get this straight with you.
Works don't save you.
You're not saved by works.
You're saved by believing in the Lord Jesus Christ.
But you are saved to do good works.
What?
You're not saved to do evil works.
You're not saved to do the wrong things in life.
You're saved to do the right things in life.
In other words, the freedom you have in the grace of God in your life, that grace doesn't give you the power to sin.
It gives you the power to walk away from sin.
It gives you the power to walk in God.
It gives you the power to do righteous works.
I found myself doing good things that in the natural I would never do.
But because of God's love in me, His love compels me to do good works.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
And I'm telling you, God has, He is raising us up to do good and righteous works.
You believe that today?
And I love this in Ephesians 2, 8 and 10.
It says, for by grace you have been saved through faith.
And that, not of yourselves, it is a gift of God.
So salvation is a gift of God, not of works.
So you can't work your way into the kingdom.
You believe your way into the kingdom.
Thus, anyone should boast.
See, it's not about us working our way.
It's believing.
For we are His workmanship created in Christ Jesus.
Notice this, for good works.
We are God's workmanship created in Christ Jesus.
For what?
For good works which God prepared beforehand,
that we should walk in them.
Amen.
I love that.
So God is calling each one of us to do righteous works.
Pastor, you had to go there this morning.
Amen.
Yes, I have to go there this morning because I'm telling you everything that God wants us to do will be a blessing not only to us but to those around us.
I'm going to say it again.
God is raising up a mighty army.
to do mighty exploits for him.
I'm looking at a mighty army this morning.
You might not think too much of yourself.
You might not think, oh little me, can I do anything?
Yes, you can do great things in God.
You've got to believe that.
It's not over until it's over.
And you might feel like you might be at the end of your rope right now.
you might feel like you're just one step away.
But I'm gonna say this, there's more that God has for you.
You gotta believe that today.
I believe that.
And so what are these righteous works that God wants us to do?
What are these righteous works that he wants us to walk in?
Well in Matthew 6, Jesus is talking about these righteous works.
And he talks about here,
in giving in Matthew 6 1 and 4 he says take heed that you do not do your charitable deeds before men to be seen by them otherwise you have no reward from your father in heaven so he's talking about an attitude in giving that when we give and sow seed we don't toot our own horn about how big of a giver we are amen we're not we're not making a big hoopla over
how we give to others, amen, or to the Lord, amen.
And he's saying that if you don't do that, then God's blessing will be on your life.
And he says here that when you do your charity, you know, just keep it quiet.
And he said that God will bless you.
So here, the first righteous deed is giving.
Glory to God.
We should be givers.
That should be a righteous, I'm getting a boy that's going over like a lead balloon this morning.
We should be givers, amen?
And I'm telling you, God's love compels us to be givers, amen?
Number two, Jesus talks about a when you pray, you know?
He says when you give,
or when you do your righteous giving or when you pray.
So I really believe God expects us to be praying people.
Amen that we need to be praying.
You might say well I don't have any needs pastor.
Yeah but there's other people around you that might have needs and you can pray for them.
You can pray for others.
When I first start praying my first set of prayers is for others.
Before I pray for myself, I pray for the salvation of my family.
I'm believing for the salvation of my family.
And that's the first part of my prayer is the salvation of my family.
I want to see people saved.
It's not God's will that anybody perish, but all come to the saving grace of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
But you know what?
I really believe that God needs somebody standing in the gap.
God needs somebody.
He's looking for somebody to pray for the loss, for the backslidden, and to bring them back into the righteous hand of the Heavenly Father that we serve.
And I'm telling you, you could be standing in the gap for your loved ones.
Amen?
We need to be praying for our neighbor.
I pray for my neighbors.
Even though I don't care about them too much.
I'm kidding.
I pray, you know, sometimes we don't care about anybody but our own families.
That's all we really focus on.
But you need to start thinking about your neighbors.
Your ungodly neighbors.
And I have a lot of them.
Anybody have any ungodly neighbors out here?
Anybody have any ungodly relatives out here?
You got some hands being raised.
So you know some ungodly people, don't you?
Amen, your prayers can make a difference, hallelujah.
And he says, when you pray, don't be like the hypocrites where they love to pray standing in the synagogues on the corners of the streets that they may be seen by men.
So they're making it, they're trying to be showy of how great they are in their praying.
But he says, when you pray, shut your closet door and pray.
And now I really believe that I'm talking to a group that I believe that you guys are givers.
And I know that you're givers because I just got blessed, amen.
And you guys are prayers.
But then there's another righteous good thing that we can do.
And nobody likes to talk about this, especially when we're at the buffet.
Amen?
Paul says, I buffet my body.
In other words, what he says is that he controls his body so that his body won't get out of line.
And I love this because here,
In Matthew 16, I know that some of you wish it wasn't in here.
I too at times.
It says over, more over when you fast.
What pastor?
Are you talking about fasting this morning?
I'm trying to land a plane.
I'm trying to ease in a little bit here.
I don't want to just hit you over the head with fasting because I would lose half my congregation.
You guys would be looking at what you're going to be eating this afternoon for lunch.
But moreover, when you fast, Jesus said, when you fast.
Amen.
Do not be like the hypocrites with the sad countens, for they disfigure their faces that they may appear to men to be fasting.
So they want to look miserable.
So when you fast, and we're going in this 21-day fast, don't look miserable.
Don't be trying to get people to ask you, what's wrong?
Well, the church hasn't us going on a fast.
You don't want to have that kind of attitude.
Because you already have your reward.
But when you fast, wash your face, for me,
Shave and look good.
Amen.
And he says that when you fast that you don't appear to be fasting and your father will reward you openly.
Now when we believe in God,
in fasting and prayer.
These are righteous works in praying, giving and fasting.
And I really believe these are righteous works that God wants us to do.
This is what I'm going to say to you.
I believe that God wants more for you than you think you want from Him.
I'm going to say it again.
I think God has more in store for you and He wants more for your life than even what you want for your life.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
And sometimes I think, even with the prophetic word that went forth this morning, that we don't ask big enough.
We don't think big enough.
We don't ask God for greater.
And I'm going to say this, that God wants greater in your life.
God doesn't make average people.
You're not just ordinary people.
You're extraordinary people with anointing and the grace of God on your lives.
You've got to believe that.
And I believe that God wants to raise up some Moseses.
God wants to raise up some Elijahs.
God wants to raise up people that will walk in great exploits in him.
And I don't know about you, but I can't just settle for just enough.
I want more than enough in my life.
I just don't want a little bit of God.
I want all that I can get, the whole enchilada.
Is that right?
Tell me.
Amen.
I'm not good with Spanish, but anyway.
Oh, Anshela, I want the whole kit and caboodle.
Kit and caboodle.
Whatever that means, amen.
And so I want more than just, I just don't want average.
How many people want to just live an average life?
How many people just want just the status quo?
Just getting by.
I'm not looking just to get by in God.
There's too many Christians looking just to get by.
I just barely make it.
Milk toast faith.
I don't want to walk in Milk Toast faith.
I don't want to barely get along.
Well, it's good enough for government work.
Amen?
But you know what?
We need to be exceeding.
Jesus says that we need to go the extra mile.
How many people are going the extra mile for God?
How many people are pressing into the things of God?
And I'm going to say this, that God wants us pressing in.
And so fasting is a way where you're saying, I'm going to go to the next level in God.
I'm going to push away the plate.
I'm going to get serious by fasting and prayer.
And I'm going to seek God.
I'm going to push away some natural to get some supernatural.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
Now, I know you can get some supernatural without fasting, but I believe fasting is a key discipline in a Christian's life that can cause you to move closer into the things of God.
Amen?
In other words, we need to get more godly and less worldly.
And fasting can bring us in.
A fasting and prayer can bring us into that.
Fast it for forty days.
And we're talking twenty-one days and maybe a partial fast.
But Moses fasted forty days on top of the mountain.
And God gave him the ten commandments.
Amen?
And in Exodus it says here, in Exodus 34, 27 and 28, then the Lord said to Moses, write these words for according to the tenure and these words I have made a covenant with you and with Israel.
So he was there with the Lord forty days and forty nights.
And he neither ate bread nor drank water.
And he wrote on the tablets of the words of the covenant of the Ten Commandments.
So we see here this was a supernatural fast that Moses was in because you would have to have a supernatural fast not to be drinking water.
But when you're in the presence of God, God's presence should overwhelm you so much you don't think about the natural.
When you start walking in the presence of God, the natural will fall by the wayside.
And we know this that Moses on top of that mountain even after Israel sinned and they made that golden calf and Moses broke the ten commandments and had to go back up and get the second ten commandments.
You know that Moses received a revelation of God on that mountain.
And that revelation of God was the goodness of God.
God revealed his goodness to Moses.
And I really believe that if you take the fasting challenge for the next three weeks, when we start next week, that start believing that God's gonna reveal His goodness to you, His mercy to you, His mercy to your family, glory to God.
And I believe that when we get a revelation of God's goodness, it will cause the grace and the anointing, a fresh anointing to be on our lives.
Do you believe that today?
Elijah was going through some depression because he had a wicked lady that wanted to kill him, Jezebel.
And we know that Elijah did some amazing things for God and he prayed that it wouldn't rain for three years or three plus years and then he prayed for rain and it came, amen?
And Elijah was an amazing man of God, but you know what?
He was still subject to the flesh.
And Elijah got a little nervous about Jezebel giving him a word that she was going to kill him.
And so he ran for his life.
And so in the process, God gave him a supernatural fast too in 1 Kings 19 through 5.8.
It says, then as he laid and slept under the broom tree, suddenly an angel touched him and said to him, arise and eat.
Then he looked and there by his head was a cake.
baked on coals and a jar of water.
So he ate and drank and laid down again and the angel of the Lord came back the second time, touched him and said, a rise eat because the journey is too great for you.
So he rose and ate and drank and he went on the strength of that food for 40 days and 40 nights.
So again, this was a supernatural fast that Elijah was on and Elijah came out of depression
And God did some things for Elijah.
He anointed Elijah to go anoint some people for the service of the Lord.
And so Elijah, in the process of his fast, received a fresh assignment from God.
Maybe you're in your walk with Christ and you feel like you're just kind of just there, but you're not moving forward.
I believe that when you start fasting and praying, God can give you a fresh assignment.
How many people would like to have a fresh assignment from God?
Maybe a burning bush experience like Moses.
Because I really believe that God wants to take you further than you can even anticipate.
And so I love that.
So Elijah received a fresh assignment from God.
Elijah also received renewed purpose and
is fasting experience.
And I don't know about you, but I need to run on purpose.
I need to run on a plan that God has for me.
And I'm telling you, you haven't totally fulfilled everything that God has for you to fulfill.
And there's levels of fulfillment that we can walk in.
Do you believe that today?
I love that.
And then we have Jesus.
And Jesus, you know, he fasted right in the wilderness.
He fasted while he was being tempted by the devil and he fasted for 40 days and then after that 40 day fast then the devil came in.
The Bible says when he was hungry.
So he fasted but you know what?
He was in his fast, he was able to overcome the devil in the wilderness.
And I believe maybe you're dealing with demonic oppression.
Maybe you're dealing with things that you can't seem to overcome.
I think when you start fasting and praying and being in the Word, that God's going to cause you to take out the devil in your life.
God's going to cause the power to radiate in your lives to where you'd be like Jesus and you'll be able to tell the devil where to go.
Because sometimes we're too close to the world and we're not close enough to God.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
And I'm talking to real people today, amen?
Sometimes we can be too naturally conscious instead of supernatural conscious.
And so I love this.
So Jesus defeated the devil in the wilderness.
Jesus also received angelic strengthening from an angel in the wilderness.
When you move into this fast, I believe, and you can start believing that maybe there would be angelic help that will come your way.
When I entered into a fast a couple years ago, I felt led by the Lord on the 21-day fast to go with water, to go 10 days on water.
Boy, it's quiet in here.
It's quiet in here.
And to go without coffee.
And you know, can somebody go, ooh, no coffee.
Can you feel it?
And I said, no coffee.
No coffee.
Water.
10 days on water.
But you know what, I went on that fan, you know, I'm a coffee drinker.
And they say that if you get off coffee, if you're cold turkey, you can get headaches.
I received no headaches.
That 10 days on water was the easiest fast I ever done.
It was supernatural.
It was no headaches, glory to God.
And I got back down to my 30 waist.
Glory to God.
Amen.
Some of you are already at 30.
Glory to God.
The young people in here.
Hallelujah.
But that's an added bonus, glory to God, that you get that 30-inch waist, glory to God.
Are you here what I'm saying today?
But in that fast, I believe that God did something.
put the extra anointing on me.
Why?
Why do you need the extra anointing?
Because the winds are blowing.
The storm is coming.
And you need to be founded on the Word of God, on the rock of His Word.
You need to be founded on the power of His Spirit.
And then Jesus came out in the power of the Spirit.
And he went teaching, preaching, and doing miracles.
And so I really believe that God wants not just Pastor David walking in miracles, but he wants you walking in miracles.
He wants you walking in the grace of God, hallelujah.
Next week, of course, Ian already mentioned it this morning, that we're going to have a 21-day fast.
I was trying to spring it on you.
Glory to God.
So you'd be like,
What?
21 days of fasting.
And so next week, we're going to do our annual 21 day of fasting.
Basically, seek in first the kingdom of God and His righteousness.
And when we seek God first place, guess what He's going to do?
All these things will be added to you.
So when you're fasting, you can cut out of your diet.
Maybe you want to do a partial fast, and you want to cut out the processed foods, the Coca-Cola's, the Pepsi's, you know, the donuts.
Did you have to go there, pastor?
The donuts, you might need to cut down on that stuff.
We're going to try to get Linda not to bring in all the King's dainties, amen?
because we don't want to be tempted.
Amen.
Glory to God.
And so just fruits and vegetables.
Amen.
Lend up.
And so we need to make sure that if I believe that when you make a choice to cut out the processed foods, I believe that your health will spring forth speedily.
You may want to fast and eliminate meats and breads like Daniel.
This is based on the Daniel.
on the Daniel fast, my wife would say the Daniel diet, amen.
But it's really the Daniel fast.
And that's basically he eliminated meats and he just ate, you know, vegetables, amen.
But that's not Pastor David, amen.
I like just fasting, maybe a breakfast, put some word in there, fast the afternoon and maybe just eat one meal a day.
It's called OMAD, one meal a day, OMAD.
That means it will make you mad, OMAD.
For six hours in a day you're not even, OMAD!
What are you practicing on your fast?
OMAD!
One meal a day, amen?
And you might want to do one meal a day, amen?
And so you may want to do a full water fast like I did.
And you know, be led by the Spirit.
I felt led by the Holy Spirit to do the 10 days on water and then I moved into a partial fast.
And so what am I saying to you today?
I believe that God has more for you.
And I believe that he wants you to walk in, you know, these righteous works with a good attitude.
Can you say good attitude?
And I want you to enter in to this fasting phase with a good attitude as the Lord leads.
So I'm going to say this that the anointing is increasing our life when we give thanks to God for His love and His faithfulness.
The fresh anointing is increasing our life when we acknowledge God in His glorious works.
And the fresh anointing is increasing our life when we think about God's good thoughts that He thinks towards us.
And his anointing increases in our life when we give, when we pray, and when we fast with the right attitude.
And when this anointing is really working in our lives, it will cause each one of us to flourish, it will cause us to grow, and it will cause us to bear good fruit and old
age.
And if you do these things with a right heart attitude, you will see the grace and the mercy of God on your lives.
You believe that today?
How many people are excited about that?
Don't raise your hand.
How many people are excited about starting a 21 day fast next week?
I believe it can be life changing.
I believe that God can do something amazing in your life.
So get ready
for God to put this super.
on your natural and watch your life be dramatically transformed.
You might even in this fast see an angel.
Maybe even the Lord Jesus Christ might appear to you.
You never know what God can do when you're fasting and praying and seeking Him with your entire heart.
Now I would also say this in the next 21 days of our fasting I want to encourage you to read the book of John
There's 21 chapters in the book of John and read each chapter every day.
And read that as your Bible reading.
Add that to the rest of your Bible reading because I know you all read the Bible every day.
Boy, it's quiet in here.
And so add that to your Bible reading and use that as a template for the 21 days.
You can study out the works of Jesus and get God's super
on your natural.
Did you receive it this morning?
Praise God.
Let us bow our heads in prayer.
Father, I thank you for your mercies and your goodness.
I thank you, Father, for these precious people out here, those watching online.
And perhaps you've never made a decision for the Lord Jesus Christ.
You've never asked Jesus into your life.
Well, Jesus is knocking on the door of your hearts right now.
And he wants to come in and have fellowship with you.
So you can receive Jesus today by praying this simple prayer.
Just pray this simple prayer and meaning your heart.
Say, dear God, I believe Jesus went to the cross to die for my sins.
I believe Jesus was raised from the dead to save me.
Jesus, I receive you as my Lord and Savior.
Thank you for saving me.
and Heavenly Father, fill me with your Holy Spirit.
In Jesus' name, amen.
If you prayed that for the first time, we believe you got born again.
If you're watching and you're watching locally, we want to invite you to be a part of a sea life church.
Come out, be a part of a sea life church.
If you're not here locally, find a good church home that you can grow in Christ and keep tuning in to our broadcasts every week.
Thank you for tuning in.
God bless you.